Now the idea comes out .
It was the one to show when you first show, but I am not on the verge of saying Yes
Do not tell me. Oh, no matter how funny I am .
Gucci taste, for example, when the word chorus just as expressionless, who is only listening
When I dance and sing
It was an ant. I did a performance like that once and I got a good response.
It's too funny to do it.
Uh oh so hot, for example, re-ditching haejusimyeon even write him and Mr. Zero
Let's sleep. Yeah. So the album gets a little bit more popular.
It's just better.
What kind of blind adherence to selection of Rock Festival When did the room did it start?
I auditioned for Convex Fiber and then I participated in that
Mister gave me ten.
Oh well deoraguyo malryeoya better, then I'm about to, but while passing small
Mouse house looks like a real big stage
If you are only doing this obviously ah have to look at the face of a person friends
I passed
Let's just let those dance clubs do the exercises and do it
I had about 10 people together.
U
For the video begins to scatter to see it open, you've got the program
On inde
I washed it once and told you that it was fun to have you
I've been there each other, and I can not imagine the next day.
This means I wake up in the smoking room and see that the orange coloring of the characters fertilization
Do not you sell it with your own bakery?
Cotton
At the beginning of the first month, when you start broadcasting,
I never imagined that the recordings would go over a dozen or so,
The bottom is still alive, and it's slender and I can talk.
I did not have an office, just started a club alike .
You are the boss, now I am your now,
That's a strategy.
Jjikeumyeo the cd from the factory at least a few more than that at once Veneto
It is.
Within the minimum lead going to start a business when there is a capital geujeongdo
By the way, if I pour, I make my heels with my handmade packaging.
This is a passion written based 8 Now I'm going to make money in the first
I am now a little something as obvious that I'm not leaving food out there
You do not even have to sell five.
Send gonna just have to think that if a trade example
Make your own
U
Yes , I made my own first 100 sheets.
There are about 12 errors.
You know, I do not know what's going on with silver .
Shall I have designed it works sound annaseo away 12 88
Including over several seconds to try to control the degree now sold more tech craft
So Young will know you see that second half I Introduction 1 45 reverse their selling
To explore a piece sold more than one thing this album, for example, it's just the ceiling lot
I'll sell it out and give it to you.
What else is coming geuraetnya said the broadcast also appeared to be looking for people who speak
Well, you have to take a piece of cloth and why you're going to be on the scene.
So when it's weekend ,
So what's the employee's birthday ?
It was rather a sheer hearing.
Her black exercise is also not doing anything looked at probably see other things yireongeo
Let's look at all the people from the president to the staff .
So everyone loves a good eye to attach the doll so this is only a packing
Rome is one too that has continued to lead its packaging Conveyor belts Remove
It's a little bit of evidence, because it's plastic wrapped with heat.
Besides the fact that as an open feel less harmful to the human body stores its well
I would rather raise the material
That's just the merit of taking a picture of the sea.
Now, I'm not yet merit gets a large amount of people can do while
It's all because of the lack of an election.
Let the field make us see this.
It's now a lot to the ceiling.
How can I just lean on the
Then have a lot coming from this life too For now its similar appearance Mini
It's been a long time to make an album.